doc: adding a full example of overriding the startup probe timeout (#37096)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/operator/advanced-configuration.adoc

              secretName: keycloak-additional-secret
----

===== Probe Timeouts

The unsupported podTemplate may be used to override the default probes.

In particular the default startup probe timeout of 10 minutes may be too short in scenarios where there is a long-running migration. 

If your instances encounter this startup failure or if you wish to proactively prevent such a startup failure from occurring, then the startup probe timeout should be increased.

> With otherwise default settings, something like the following would increase the timeout to 20 minutes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With otherwise default settings, something like the following increases the timeout to 20 minutes:
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: k8s.keycloak.org/v2alpha1
kind: Keycloak
metadata:
  name: example-kc
spec:
  ...
  unsupported:
    podTemplate:
      spec:
        containers:
          startupProbe:
            httpGet:
              path: "/health/started"
            port: 9000
            scheme: "HTTPS"
            failureThreshold: 1200
            periodSeconds: 1
----

> Note that the usage of a relative HTTP path, an alternative management port, or require changes to the probe configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the usage of a relative HTTP path, or an alternative management port, require changes to the probe configuration.
```
